Reference for stage 3 joint-iteration (#42955)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/global_objects/iterator/zipkeyed/index.md

The {{jsxref("Iterator.zip()")}} method is similar, but yields arrays instead of objects.

## Syntax

```js-nolint
Iterator.zipKeyed(iterables)
Iterator.zipKeyed(iterables, options)
```

### Parameters

- `iterables`
  - : An object. Each property's key is used as the key in the resulting objects. The property's value must implement either the [iterable](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Iteration_protocols#the_iterable_protocol) protocol or, failing that, the [iterator](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Iteration_protocols#the_iterator_protocol) protocol. These iterables may be infinite. Strings are rejected: to zip strings, convert them to iterators explicitly using {{jsxref("Iterator.from()")}}.
- `options` {{optional_inline}}
  - : An object specifying behavior in case of inconsistent input lengths. It may have the following properties:
    - `mode` {{optional_inline}}
      - : One of the following:
        - `"shortest"` (default): The resulting iterator stops when one input iterable is exhausted.

>         - `"longest"`: The resulting iterator stops when all input iterables are exhausted. Missing values from shorter iterables are filled according to the `padding` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - `"longest"`: The resulting iterator stops when all input iterables are exhausted. Missing values from shorter iterables may be filled according to the `padding` option.
```

        - `"strict"`: A {{jsxref("TypeError")}} is thrown if not all input iterables finish at the same time.
    - `padding` {{optional_inline}}

>       - : Either `undefined` (default) or an object. Only retrieved and validated when `mode` is `"longest"`. If `undefined`, missing values from shorter iterables are filled with `undefined`. If an object is provided, each key of the `iterables` argument is retrieved _as soon as `Iterator.zipKeyed()` is called_. `padding[key]` is used for missing values for `iterables[key]`. If the `padding` object is missing some keys, those keys are filled with `undefined`.

Reviewer: It may be that this and https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/42955/files#r2752150527  are strictly correct but they feel odd. Normally when you look at optional options you would say "set this value if you want to control the padding, and otherwise it will default", whereas because of the first sentence here it reads like "set undefined or a value, and by the way you can also choose not o set undefined because it is the default".

In other words, it might not be wrong, but I'd be tempted to word it like

```suggestion
    - `padding` {{optional_inline}}
      - : An object. Only retrieved and validated when `mode` is `"longest"`. If `undefined`, missing values from shorter iterables are filled with `undefined`. If an object is provided, each key of the `iterables` argument is retrieved _as soon as `Iterator.zipKeyed()` is called_. `padding[key]` is used for missing values for `iterables[key]`. If the `padding` object is missing some keys, those keys are filled with `undefined`.
```

Author: You can also explicitly set it to `undefined`, though. Not all options have `undefined` and "missing" mean the same thing, so it's better to be explicit.
